Unexpected.
We can have a wedding at the palace.
What a wonderful place to be.
Thank you.
Later, because your mother said that half of your match was not.
Then it thundered.
You can't die.
Congratulations, Master To.
Today your family can marry the royal family.
This is glory.
Ha ha ha
Master Zhou is so complimentary.
This is all the work of the son-in-law.
Of course, there is no escaping your support and love.
Haha, the son-in-law is like that.
The glory of flowers is near.
Your Majesty personally ordered the marriage in the palace.
You can see that Your Majesty and the Princess hold the Su family in high regard.
Look from the side
Luu Truong Canh is really a hypocritical saint
There's no motive.
Good.
We must severely punish traitors like Liu Truong Canh.
To be a mirror.
And that rural woman is Ly Huining.
Take away the holy precept and open the sin of the king of peace.
When killing nine tribes
Ha ha ha ha ha
Talk in the palace.
You are not afraid of the wind flashing your tongue.
You're so brave.
I thought you ran away.
I can't believe you came here.
I should praise you for being brave.
Still don't know life and death.